This workflow is derived from the Bioconductor book series OSCA (all credit to the Bioconductor and the wonderful people creating such awesome packages). Primary purpose of existing this page is to explain the various facet/technicality employed in conducting such a pipeline in as much layman's terms as possible (but not as simplified as explaining to a 5 year old; a certain level of domain knowledge is expected). Story begins with me trying to explain certain aspects/plots/functions of a typical NGS pipeline to a friend of mine. While she is a brilliant scientist doing some wonderful things, she is a little less inclined towards the necessary statistical methods and the programming paradigm employed in executing a pipeline. So, the creation of this doc is an effort to address such debacle. Though, I have to mention that there exist an elaborate and exhaustive body of work explaining all the technical aspects of such a pipeline in great detail, I feel that somehow those explanations are geared towards the "CROWD" rather than some one who is an entire novice and trying to find her/his footing in the world of `*.seq` analysis. One of the obstacle in my opinion is the lack of sufficiently easy and layman's explanation *in situ*. Usually the expected and standard way of knowing a concept/function/plot is to google it and visit the relevant page and dig down through the scholarly explanations, which again in some cases is not very helpful and feels like hitting a dead end from the new learner's point of view. So, I have added **explanation** section after each block of code to talk about what particular stage of analysis we are dealing with and explain the `function()` doing it in simple words.     
